----------------------------------------------------
##SMARTCLOUD COIN SIMPLE AUTO MASTER NODE SETUP GUIDE 
----------------------------------------------------
###update notes
-updated 22-Dec-2018 for added bootstrap in masternodes to speed up masternode setup process

-----------------------------
Windows wallet setup
-----------------------------

Download windows wallet from the follow location:
https://github.com/SMRT-Cloud/smrtc/releases/tag/v1.0.0


run it. if you cannot get it to sync. got to windows start and type:
%appdata% 
you should see "roaming" click on it. it will take you to a folder.

find the "SMRTC" folder and double click on it.
right click on "smrtc.conf" and open it with notepad or any text editor.
When file is loaded, add more nodes by copy and paste this:

* addnode=139.99.197.135
* addnode=139.99.197.112
* addnode=95.179.132.243
* addnode=108.61.165.133
* addnode=201.80.1.151
* addnode=95.179.140.3
* addnode=82.2.156.164
* addnode=173.249.51.26
* addnode=167.99.65.33
* addnode=139.99.198.190
* addnode=206.189.91.171
* addnode=104.236.25.11
* addnode=139.99.196.73
* addnode=139.99.158.38
* addnode=139.99.159.77

save file and exit.

now to get a genkey for the linux side.

Open the Smrt Coin Desktop Wallet. 
Go to Tools -> "Debug console - Console" 
Type the following command: masternode genkey

copy the codes generated by double click on the codes and right click copy.

now move on to linux vps setup.

-----------------------
### Linux VPS setup
----------------------
Log into your linux Vps and copy the below line and press enter:

MN SCRIPT
* cd && bash -c "$(wget -O - https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SMRT-Cloud/smartcloud-guides/master/guides/mn_smartc_auto.sh)"

when asked to paste genkey, right click your mouse and press enter.



---------------------------------
Windows wallet to add masternode 
---------------------------------

1.   Open the SMRTC Coin Desktop Wallet. 
2.   Go to RECEIVE and create a New Address: MN1 
3.   Send 5000 smrtc to MN1. 
4.   Wait for confirmations. 
5.   Go to Tools -> "Debug console - Console" 
6.   Type the following command: masternode outputs 
7.   Go to ** Tools -> "Open Masternode Configuration File" 
8.   Add the following entry: 
Alias Address Privkey TxHash Output_index 
  Alias: MN1 
  Address: VPS_IP:PORT 
  Privkey: Masternode Private Key (paste the genkey you made earlier)
  TxHash: First value from Step 6 
  Output index: Second value from Step 6 
9.   Save and close the file. 
10.   Go to Masternode Tab. If your tab is not shown, please enable it 
from: Settings - Options - Wallet - Show Masternodes Tab 
11.   Click Update status to see your node. If it is not shown, close the wallet and 
start it again. Make sure the wallet is unlocked. 
12.   Theres two choices to make. Use the debug menu or using the butons to start-alias.

OPTION 1(DEBUG MENU):
Open Debug Console and type: 
masternode start-alias 0 [alias] 

sample for mn1:
masternode start-alias 0 mn1

 OR
 OPTION 2(GUI buttons):
 Click on the main "Masternodes" tab. Select the appropriate mn you want on the list and either right click "Start alias" or
 use the "Start alias" button on the bottom. If you want to start all masternodes on the list, click on "Start All" button on the bottom of the screen.
 Note that if you edit new masternodes later, you can wait for the masternode confirmations to reach 17 confirms each and just click on 'Start Missing' button to start all unstarted masternodes.

Complete! Thank you for joining the smart cloud coin.

 
